README.md, before:

# [Darkage](https://davison.io/darkage/) :video_game: [![](https://img.shields.io/travis/davisonio/darkage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/davisonio/darkage)

> Darkage mod for [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net)

<p align="center">
<b><a href="#install">Install</a></b>
·
<b><a href="#authors">Authors</a></b>
·
<b><a href="#license--credits">License & Credits</a></b>
</p>

This mod adds some new blocks that allow pre-industrial looking buildings to be made.

Of course, feel free to use them for any other type of construction.

- [Minetest Forum Topic](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?id=10063)

![](https://davison.io/assets/img/minetest-darkage-screenshot.png)

## Install

*Dependencies: default*

*Supports: stairs, stairsplus*

[Download](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/archive/master.zip) & unzip the mod, rename it to "darkage" and move it into your `minetest/mods` folder.

## Authors

**[Craig Davison](https://davison.io)**

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/davisonio.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20davisonio)](https://github.com/davisonio) [![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/davisonio.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/davisonio)

With many thanks to the [contributors](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/graphs/contributors). :clap:

**Contributions are welcome!** Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). :raised_hands:

## License & Credits

Unless otherwise stated:

- Copyright © 2014+ [Craig Davison](https://davison.io). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).

Based on the original [Darkage](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?id=3213) mod:

- Copyright © 2012 [MasterGollum](https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=3104). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).
- Copyright © 2013-2014 [adrido](https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=3040). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).

Commit message:

Add gitter badge and improve requirements

README.md, after:

# [Darkage](https://davison.io/darkage/) :video_game: [![](https://img.shields.io/travis/davisonio/darkage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/davisonio/darkage) [![](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/davisonio/bacon.svg)](https://gitter.im/davisonio/bacon)

> Darkage mod for [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net)

<p align="center">
<b><a href="#install">Install</a></b>
·
<b><a href="#authors">Authors</a></b>
·
<b><a href="#license--credits">License & Credits</a></b>
</p>

This is an improved version of the outdated but legendary [Darkage](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=11&t=3213) mod.

This mod adds some new blocks that allow pre-industrial looking buildings to be made.

Of course, feel free to use them for any other type of construction.

- [Minetest Forum Topic](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?id=10063)

![](https://davison.io/assets/img/minetest-darkage-screenshot.png)

## Install

###### Requirements

- [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net) >= 0.4.10
- default

###### Supports

- stairs
- stairsplus

[Download](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/archive/master.zip) & unzip the mod, rename it to "darkage" and move it into your `minetest/mods` folder.

## Authors

**[Craig Davison](https://davison.io)**

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/davisonio.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20davisonio)](https://github.com/davisonio) [![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/davisonio.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/davisonio)

With many thanks to the [contributors](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/graphs/contributors). :clap:

**Contributions are welcome!** Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/davisonio/darkage/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). :raised_hands:

## License & Credits

Unless otherwise stated:

- Copyright © 2014+ [Craig Davison](https://davison.io). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).

Based on the original [Darkage](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?id=3213) mod:

- Copyright © 2012 [MasterGollum](https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=3104). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).
- Copyright © 2013-2014 [adrido](https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=3040). Released under the [WTFPL](http://www.wtfpl.net/txt/copying/).
